+++
title = "20200808"
date =  2020-08-08T09:09:26+09:00
weight = 5
+++


## check list

 grammar | example | try |
---|---|---|
1형식 |  The dog sleeps on the sofa . | I got up early this morning even there weren't any responsibilities that belonged to me.
2형식 - 상태 | He is a firefighter. | I was totally free since I was alone.
2형식 - 변화 | Paul became the president. | I became single only for today or some days more If my family doesn't come back soon.
2형식 - 감각 | This cookie tastes good. | I felt so good though I'm missing my family at the same time.
3형식 | I watched a movie with Anna. | Actually, I've been looking forward to riding bicycles for a long time in recent days.
4형식 | My mother bought me a shirt. | God had given me hope and took it back again today.
5형식 - (명사/형용사) | Her friends call her "Little Susie." | I had thought that a present.
5형식 - (to부정사) | I want you to forgive me. | God, perhaps, might have wanted me to have just a feeling of that not for the real.
5형식 - 지각동사 | She heard her son scream in the kitchen. | 
5형식 - 사역동사 | Karen let her friend use her camera. |  This made me hang out at home.
to부정사 - 명사적 용법 | To keep a promise is important. | To watch TV or Netflix is the easiest way to spend time at home and became my spontaneous plan.
to부정사 - 명사적 용법(의문사+to부정사) | We didn't know what to do next. | I chose what to watch.
to부정사 - 형용사적 용법 | Let's order something to drink. | Extracurricular was one of TV show to watch.
to부정사 - 형용사적 용법(be+to부정사)</br> 예정, 의무, 가능, 운명, 의도 | She is to leave this country next week. |
to부정사 - 부사적 용법</br> 목적, 감정의 원인, 결과, 판단의 근거, 형용사 수식 | I went to the flower shop to buy some flowers. |
가주어 진주어 | It is important to follow your dreams. |
의미상의 주어 (for/of:성품) | It was very kind of you to send the flowers to her. |
too 형용사/부사 to부정사 | Roy is too tired to go to the party. | Since the novel coronavirus outbreak, my wife was too concerned to allow me to go out for riding bicycles.
so + 형용사/부사 + that + 주어 + can't/couldn't + 동사원형 | Roy is so tired that he can't go to the party. | She was so strict that I I couldn't go riding without her permission.
형용사/부사 + enough + to부정사 | The boy is tall enough to reach the top shelf. | I'm not strong enough to insist my opinion to her and get the permission.
so + 형용사/부사 + that + 주어 + can/could + 동사원형 | The boy is so tall that he can reach the top shelf. | Someday in the future, I wish I could be so strong and logical that I can persuade her to achieve my goal.




I got up early this morning even there weren't any responsibilities that belonged to me.
I was totally free since I was alone.
I became single only for today or some days more If my family doesn't come back soon.
I felt so good though I'm missing my family at the same time.
Actually, I've been looking forward to riding bicycles for a long time in recent days.
Since the novel coronavirus outbreak, my wife was too concerned to allow me to go out for riding bicycles.
She was so strict that I I couldn't go riding without her permission.
The boy is tall enough to reach the top shelf. | I'm not strong enough to insist my opinion to her and get the permission.
Someday in the future, I wish I could be so strong and logical that I can persuade her to achieve my goal.
Anyway, God had given me hope and took it back again today.
I had thought that a present.
God, perhaps, might have wanted me to have just a feeling of that not for the real.
This made me hang out at home.
To watch TV or Netflix is the easiest way to spend time at home and became my spontaneous plan.
I chose what to watch.
Extracurricular was one of TV show I wanted to watch.
