+++
title = "20200923"
date = 2020-09-23T11:17:15Z
weight = 5
+++

I've never had dreamed to become a police officer before.
But there were some events that made me to challenge becoming police officer.

When I made my mind, the plan of the state examination to the police officer this year was not yet opened until that time.
Even though having no information, I could assume what I'm needed with the recruitment notice from maritime police which had been anounced in advance.

According to the announcement, I was not qualified because I did not have the certificate of Engineer Information Processing required.

Applying the writing test for the certificate was the the fisrt action I did. It was required to be passed not only the exam but also the practical exam for the first time at once. Because the test only cunducts 3 times a year and it was about to 2nd of this year. If I don't get the certificate, It was quite obvious that I wouldn't have the chance to apply the police officer this year.

Some weeks later, there was a notice of the state exam to become a police officer. Around that time I was just waiting the result of my practical test for having the qualification of applicants. Yes, fortunately I had passed the writing test at once and it was the time after having the next practical test.

Unexpectedly, the day of writing test for becoming police officer was a day after the announcement day of the practical exam which I was awaiting.

Guess  what was my choice.
To be contained.
